docs/CAVEATS.md, before:

# Caveats

## Only iceberg V2 table supported

This connector only writes using iceberg table V2 spec (delete events will be written to delete files(merge on read)
instead of rewrite data files)

## No automatic schema evolution

Full schema evaluation is not supported, like converting incompatible types. But sema expansion like field addition is
supported,
see `debezium.sink.iceberg.allow-field-addition` setting.

## Specific tables replication

By default, debezium connector will publish all snapshot of the tables in the database, that leads to unnecessary
iceberg table snapshot of all tables. Unless you want to replicate all table from the database into iceberg table,
set `debezium.source.table.include.list` to specific tables that you want to replicate. By this way, you avoid replicate
too many tables that you don't really want to. More on this setting
in [Debezium server source](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/mysql.html#mysql-property-table-include-list)
.

## AWS S3 credentials

You can setup aws credentials in the following ways:

- Option 1: use `debezium.sink.iceberg.fs.s3a.access.key` and `debezium.sink.iceberg.fs.s3a.secret.key`
  in `application.properties`
- Option 2: inject credentials to environment variables `AWS_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
- Option 3: setup proper `HADOOP_HOME` env then add s3a configuration into `core-site.xml`, more information can be
  found [here](https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/stable/hadoop-aws/tools/hadoop-aws/index.html#Authenticating_with_S3).

Commit message:

Improve documentation (#437)
* Improve README.md

* Improve README.md

* Improve README.md

* Improve CAVEATS.md

* Improve CAVEATS.md

* Improve CAVEATS.md

* Improve CAVEATS.md

docs/CAVEATS.md, after:

# Caveats

## Only iceberg V2 table supported
This connector writes data to Iceberg tables using the V2 specification. To optimize write performance, delete events are recorded in delete files, avoiding costly data file rewrites. While this approach significantly improves write performance, it can impact read performance, especially in `upsert` mode. However, in `append` mode, this performance trade-off is not applicable.

## No automatic schema evolution
Full schema evolution, such as converting incompatible data types, is not currently supported. However, schema expansion, including adding new fields or expanding existing field data types, is supported. To enable this behavior, set the
`debezium.sink.iceberg.allow-field-addition` configuration property to `true`.

## Specific tables replication
By default, the Debezium connector will replicate all the tables in the database, resulting in unnecessary load. To avoid replicating tables you don't need, configure the `debezium.source.table.include.list` property to specify the exact tables to replicate. This will streamline your data pipeline and reduce the overhead. For more details on this configuration, refer to the [Debezium server source](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/mysql.html#mysql-property-table-include-list) documentation.

## AWS S3 credentials

You can setup aws credentials in the following ways:

- Option 1: use `debezium.sink.iceberg.fs.s3a.access.key` and `debezium.sink.iceberg.fs.s3a.secret.key`
  in `application.properties`
- Option 2: inject credentials to environment variables `AWS_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
- Option 3: setup proper `HADOOP_HOME` env then add s3a configuration into `core-site.xml`, more information can be
  found [here](https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/stable/hadoop-aws/tools/hadoop-aws/index.html#Authenticating_with_S3).
